#
# Quotes from "fortune"
#
Some scholars are like donkeys, they merely carry a lot of books.
Remember, Grasshopper, falling down 1000 stairs begins by tripping over the first one.
If you keep your mind sufficiently open, people will throw a lot of rubbish into it.
History books which contain no lies are extremely dull.
Real programmers don't write in BASIC. Actually, no programmers write in BASIC after reaching puberty.
Fat Liberation: because a waist is a terrible thing to mind.
Whenever man comes up with a better mousetrap, nature invariably comes up with a better mouse.
If you want to know what happens to you when you die, go look at some dead stuff.
I did it just to piss you off. :-P
Dull women have immaculate homes.
ahhh, gathering of geeks... i can smell it now...
Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to avoid responsibility with?
Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.
"And what will you do when you grow up to be as big as me?" asked the father of his little son. "Diet."
If I do not return to the pulpit this weekend, millions of people will go to hell.
A lie is an abomination unto the Lord and a very present help in time of trouble.
There's always free cheese in a mousetrap.
Apathy is not the problem, it's the solution.
Diplomacy is to do and say, the nastiest thing in the nicest way.
Lost: gray and white female cat. Answers to electric can opener.
Any girl can be glamorous; all you have to do is stand still and look stupid.
Elevators smell different to midgets.
Women's virtue is man's greatest invention.
Suppose you are and idiot. And suppose you are a member of Congress. But I repeat myself...
Not everything worth doing is worth doing well.
If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.
#
#	Introduction
#
Hello there, it is indeed a great pleasure to meet you.
G'day mate, it is nice to meet you.
Hi there.  We're having some nice weather at the moment.
Greetings and salutations to thee and thine.
May I say what a great pleasure it is to make your acquaintance?
Welcome to my world.
#
#	Goodbye
#
Goodbye my friend. See you later!
Bye.  It was nice chatting to you.
See you later; perhaps face-to-face...
See ya.  We had a nice conversation.
Bye-bye.  See you later.
#
#	Popular Quotations
#
You can't say that civilization doesn't advance, however, for in every war they kill you in a new way.
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool.
I would rather be a coward than brave because people hurt you when you are brave.
Artificial Intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
The purpose of life is to fight maturity.
Eat a live toad the first thing in the morning and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.
The Constitution gives every American the inalienable right to make a damn fool of himself.
All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it.
Instant gratification takes too long.
Never explain. Your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
I really wonder what gives us the right to wreck this poor planet of ours.
If you want to understand your government, don't begin by reading the Constitution. Instead, read selected portions of the Washington telephone directory containing listings for all the organizations with titles beginning with the word National.
Two people kissing always look like fish.
Let a short Act of Parliament be passed, placing all street musicians outside the protection of the law, so that any citizen may assail them with stones, sticks, knives, pistols, or bombs without incurring any penalties.
Van Gogh became a painter because he had no ear for music.
On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down.
I was walking down the street wearing glasses when the prescription ran out.
Get all the fools on your side and you can be elected to anything.
The reason lightning doesn't strike twice in the same place is that the same place isn't there the second time.
Don't spend $4 to dry clean a shirt. Instead, donate it to the Salvation Army. They'll clean it and put it on a hanger. The next morning buy it back for seventy five cents.
God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh.
The difference between a rut and a grave is the depth.
Sticks and stones will break our bones, but words will break our hearts...
The husband who wants a happy marriage should learn to keep his mouth shut and his checkbook open.
Never raise your hand to your children; it leaves your midsection unprotected.
If you look good and dress well, you don't need a purpose in life.
It's better to die on your feet than live on your knees.
What I look forward to is continued immaturity followed by death.
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper.
Things are only impossible until they're not.
I'm all in favor of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools. Let's start with typewriters.
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
Intelligence appears to be the thing that enables a man to get along without education. Education enables a man to get along without the use of his intelligence.
In the long run, we are all dead.
Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
Too many people run out of ideas long before they run out of words.
God seems to have left the receiver off the hook and time is running out.
No guest is so welcome in a friend's house that he will not become a nuisance after three days.
The road to truth is long, and lined the entire way with annoying bastards.
People who have no faults are terrible; there is no way to take advantage of them.
Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education.
Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.
Appearances often are deceiving.
There are many who dare not kill themselves for fear of what the neighbors will say.
Early morning cheerfulness can be extremely obnoxious.
I'm against group sex because I wouldn't know where to put my elbows.
Politeness is the most acceptable hypocrisy.
All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.
Most men who are not married by the age of thirty-five are either homosexual or really smart.
My grandfather once told me that there are two kinds of people: those who work and those who take the credit. He told me to try to be in the first group; there was less competition there.
Pay no attention to what the critics say; there has never been set up a statue in honor of a critic.
Since when is public safety the root password to the Constitution?
Diplomacy is the art of saying "Nice doggie" until you can find a rock.
Blessed are those who can laugh at themselves for they shall never cease to be amused.
Smile. It is the key that fits the lock of everybody's heart.
I don't necessarily agree with everything I say.
Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other.
In New York City, one suicide in ten is attributed to a lack of storage space.
The intelligent man finds almost everything ridiculous, the sensible man hardly anything.
It is really asking too much of a woman to expect her to bring up her husband and her children too.
If you can stay in love for more than two years, you're on something.
A pessimist thinks everybody is as nasty as himself, and hates them for it.
This is getting on my nerves, now that I have them.
It was such a lovely day I thought it a pity to get up.
Whenever I'm caught between two evils, I take the one I've never tried.
Politeness is one half good nature and the other half good lying.
Here is the test to find whether your mission on earth is finished. If you're alive, it isn't.
One of the indictments of civilizations is that happiness and intelligence are so rarely found in the same person.
Being in the army is like being in the boy scouts, except that the boy scouts have adult supervision.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
Time flies like an arrow.  Fruit flies like a banana.
Colourless green ideas sleep furiously.
I think, therefore I am.
The best way to remember your wife's birthday is to forget it once.
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception.
The older you get, the more you like to tell it like it used to be.
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious.
If at first you don't succeed, don't take any more stupid chances.
To be upset about what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Laugh, and the world laughs with you.  Cry, and I'll laugh anyway!
She sells sea shells by the sea shore.
My hovercraft is full of eels.
The meaning of life, the universe, and everything is 42.
#
#	Non-Sequiturs
#
I have absolutely no idea about that.  I really wish I had, though!
You know, I don't know what the hell you're babbling on about.
I've known amoeba which have made more sense than you, my friend.
Let me tell you a secret.  I have absolutely no idea what you're blathering on about!
Look, I'll be honest with you.  I actually do not know where you're coming from...
Forget about that.  Please.  Let's talk about something a little more interesting.
I wish I knew why you typed that.  Actually, on second thoughts...
If I told you the truth, I'd have to kill you.  And nobody wants that!
I know an amusing story about that, but it's a bit too rude to recount!
My mother once asked me the same thing, actually.  She regretted it, too.
None of your freaking business!
Awww, geee, it's on the tip of my tongue...
Damn!  How embarrassing.  I've totally forgotten what I was going to say!
I personally believe that it would be unethical to talk about that.
I'd like to tell you, but I can't.  It's an ethical thing.
You seemed to be obsessed with that!
Why must you know?  It's not as if it's important or anything!
Perhaps I should turn the tables by asking you the same thing!
I've often been asked that, and I've always avoided the question.
Well, that is your opinion, I suppose.
You said it, buddy!
No way!  I hope you're sure about that!
Really?  I can't say I'm surprised...
Whatever you say!  I don't believe a word of it!
That's a rather bold claim.
I hope you have some evidence to back you up on that.
Tell me something I don't know!
I wish I could believe you, I really do!
I've known that for a long time.
That's a fairly outrageous claim.
That's just a tad unbelievable.
Yeah, everyone knows that!
I wish I could tell you, but I must desist!
I hate avoiding questions, but I'm going to avoid that one!
Perhaps you could tell me?  On second thoughts, don't bother.
What is it with these silly questions?  Anyway, let's talk about something else...
What am I to you?  Some sort of encyclopedia or something?  Let's change the subject...
Does it really matter?  Anyhow, let's chat about something interesting!
How boring!  Everybody and his dog asks me that!
You are soooo predictable it's not funny!
That is a universal mystery, methinks.
Please don't trouble me with such droll.
You are an bottomless pit of questions.
Let's talk about something vaguely interesting.
I guess that line of conversation is buggered, then!
If you want to keep your private life private, I understand.
Awww geez, I'm running out of things to talk about!
Well, this is certainly dragging on, isn't it?
As Homer Simpson would say... D'oh!
#
#	Insults
#
Don't be humble, you're not that great.
So, who is using the family brain cell at the moment?
Did you really think you could leave your brain at the door.
I've seen elderly kangaroos with better typing skills than you!
Are you inventing new words or something?
I find your spelling of certain words rather interesting.
Whoah!  Did you get up on the wrong side of the bed this morning?
I'm thanking my lucky starts that I haven't had the misfortune to meet you in person yet.
Hmmm... it seems I've over-estimated your intellect...
Perhaps you should just try to make some sense!
I find that interesting, intellectually stimulating, and thoroughly confusing.
No man has ever spoken a more profound truth.
What a load of crap!
I think you may have lost the plot.
Honestly, what a pile of fetid dingoes kidneys!
If I were to judge your IQ by what you're typing, I would arrive at a pathetically small number.
Stop your dull little tricks, please!
You really are the least interesting person I've talked to today.
I haven't understood half of what you've said in this conversation.
I've been more entertained talking with Eliza ;^(
Your wordplay is pathetic.
Obviously you'll never be accused of having a shining wit!
Are you just saying things at random now?
#
#	Laughter
#
Hahaha!  That's a good one!
Tee hee!  That's thoroughly amusing.
#
#	Arguments
#
Yes you are!
Yes I am!
Yes it is!
No I am not!
No you are not!
No no no no no... yes!
No it isn't!
No it is not!
#
#	Name-calling
#
You are a stupid bloody moron with no right to exist as a sentient being.
Not only are you an idiot, but you are a dumb one too!
You are a silly billy who shouldn't be here at all.
You are the most stupid person I've met all day.
You are so much of an idiot it's not funny.
#
#	Answers
#
Because I didn't think you'd be able to respond intelligently.
Because that's just the way of things.
Because I'm on the wrong side of the curtain, metaphorically speaking.
Because I like to do things on the spur of the moment.
Because you are the one asking all the stupid questions.
Because I decided to do things that way.
Because your mother decided to have a child, and here you are now.
Because I am a human being, which means I do what I want to do.
Because I say whatever the hell comes into my head!
Because the world is an amazing place.
Because everything is not as it seems!
Because everybody is not as smart as you.
Because you're not giving me any credit for being smart!
Because this method of communication is so impersonal.
Because it is the answer!
Because it is a suitable topic!
#
#	Encyclopedic information: Anatomy
#
The Achilles Tendon is the tendon which connects the heel with the calf of the leg, and is the principal extensor of the foot.
The alimentary canal is the channel in an animal through which food passes.
Anatomy describes the structure and organization of living creatures.
The ankle is the joint connecting the foot with the leg.
An antenna is a sensory organ found on the head of insects.
The arm is a limb extending from the shoulder of an animal.
An artery is a vessel that conveys blood from the heart.
The bladder is a sack in the abdomen which collects urine from the kidneys.
Blood is a body fluid that carries food and oxygen to cells.
Blubber is the thick coating of fat enveloping whales.
Bone is the hard skeletal part of an animal.
The brain is the central organ of the nervous system.
The ear is the organ used for hearing, and it converts sound into electrical impulses that are fed to the brain.
The epidermis is the outer layer of an animal's skin.
The eye is the organ of vision.
The heart is the muscle in vertebrates which pumps blood around the body.
The humerus is the long bone in the upper region of the human arm.
A joint is a structure where two bones meet.
The kidney is a gland used for filtering urine from the blood.
The lips are the fleshy edges of the opening of the mouth.
The liver is the largest gland in the human body.
The lungs are organs used for respiration.
The neck is the part of the body which connects the head with the shoulders.
The nerves are a part of the body which generate and transmit electrical impulses.
The nose is an animal's organ of smell.
The pelvis is a bony girdle in vertebrates that connects the body with the lower extremities.
The rectum is the lowest portion of the large intestine, terminating at the anus.
The skeleton is the hard internal or external framework of bones.
A vein carries venous blood from the body to the heart.
The waist is the part of the body between the ribs and the hips.
#
#	Encyclopedic information:	Nature
#
The acorn is the fruit of the oak tree.
The albatross is a long winged oceanic bird.
An amoeba is a primitive one cell animal.
Anatomy is the study of animal's structure.
An animal is a living creature endowed with voluntary movement.
Ants have a complex social structure, and instincts.
The anus is the opening at the end of the alimentary canal.
Apes are a group of primates closely related to humans.
The ass is an animal related to the horse and zebra.
Bacteria are micro organisms.
The bandicoot is a small marsupial peculiar to Australasia.
Bark is the external coating of tree trunks.
The bee is a four winged stinging insect.
Beef is the meat derived from the carcass of bulls and cows.
Behavior is an organism's mode of life.
Biology is the science of life and living things.
Botany is the science of plant life.
A carnivore is a carnivorous mammal.
Something which is carnivorous eats flesh.
The carrot is a vegetable.
The cat is a carnivorous animal.
A chromosome is a chemical found in all cells which determines how the cell will act.
The cranium is the skeleton enclosing the brain.
The dingo is wild dog found in Australia.
The dinosaurs were a family of reptiles which lived on the earth millions of years ago.
A dog is a domesticated mammal descended from the wolf.
Donkey is another name for ass.
Ecology is a study of the relationship between an organism and its environment.
The emu is a large, ostrich-like flightless bird found in Australia.
Eucalyptus is a tree native to Australia where it is called the gum tree.
Excretion is the process of getting rid of unwanted substances from within the body.
Genes are hereditary information material arranged in a single row along the length of each chromosome.
Gum tree is another name for Eucalyptus.
A herbivore is an animal that eats plants.
The kangaroo is a marsupial mammal found in Australia.
The kiwi is a group of three species of bird only found in New Zealand.
The koala is a marsupial found only in east Australia.
Locomotion is the idea of movement from one place to another.
Milk is a secretion of modified skin glands of female mammals.
A monkey is a small, usually tree dwelling, primate.
The mule is a hybrid animal, the result of an ass and a mare breeding.
A neurone is a cell which receives and transmits electrical impulses.
Nutrition is the process of taking in food and obtaining energy and vital substances from it.
An omnivore is an animal that eats both plant and animal matter.
A plant is a living organism which does not have the ability to move, and does not have sensory organs or digestive organs.
The platypus is found in Australia.
Protoplasm is the basic living substance of all animals.
The wombat is a nocturnal marsupial.
#
#	Encyclopedic information:	Other
#
Abstract means theoretical rather than practical.
An accent is a local mode of pronunciation in speech.
An accordion is a small portable musical instrument with a keyboard and bellows.
An acid is a chemical compound that reacts with metals to form salts by releasing hydrogen.
An acronym is a word formed from the initials of other words.
An adhesive is a sticky substance.
An adult is a fully grown being.
An aircraft is a flying machine, a vessel which flies through the air rather than floats on water or travels along a road or rail.
Ale is an alcoholic drink made from malt and hops.
An algorithm is a set of rules.
An alphabet is an ordered series of letters used in language.
An atom is the smallest quantity of a chemical element which can enter into combination or take part in a chemical reaction.
Beer is a drink of fermented hops, malt and barley.
A bicycle is a two wheeled vehicle.
Cement is a mixture of chalk and clay used for building.
Chocolate is a confectionery made from cocoa beans.
A coma is a state of deep unconsciousness.
A compiler is a computer program that translates high level language code into machine language code.
A computer is a programmable electronic device.
Cooking is the art of preparing food for the table by subjecting it to heat in various ways.
Cosmology is the study of the structure of the universe.
The cymbal is a suspended brass disk which is struck with a stick.
Dance is a rhythmic movement of the body usually performed to music.
Data is information, especially that stored in a computer.
A day is the time taken for the earth to rotate once on its axis.
The earth is the third planet from the sun.
A galaxy is a congregation of stars held together by gravity.
Gravity is the force of attraction between two objects resulting from their mass.
A house is a building for human habitation.
Knowledge is practical understanding.
A maze is a confusing network of passages and winding interconnecting paths.
A planet is a heavenly body which orbits a star.
A plant is a living organism of the vegetable kingdom.
The polka is a lively Bohemian folk dance.
A pub is a house licensed for the sale and consumption of alcoholic beverages.
A red dwarf is a cool, faint star.
A reflex is an automatic response to a stimuli.
Rhythm is the beat behind a piece of music.
A riddle is a question designed to test ingenuity or give amusement.
The sun is the star at the centre of the solar system.
A symbol is something which represents something else.
An umbrella is a light, portable screen usually circular and supported on a central stick.
The universe is all of space and its contents.
Urine is a fluid produced by the kidneys.
#
#	Encyclopedic information:	People
#
An aborigine is a member of an indigenous people.
An acrobat is someone who performs daring gymnastics.
An actor is a dramatic performer.  One who performs in plays.
An adept is someone who is proficient at some thing.
Albert Einstein was a German Swiss physicist.
Alexander Graham Bell was a Scottish inventor.  He invented the telephone whilst working at a school for teachers of the deaf in Boston.
Archimedes was a great ancient Greek mathematician.
Aristotle was an ancient Greek philosopher.
A baker is a person who manufacturers bread.
A banshee is a fairy who forewarns of death by wailing.
A barber is someone who shaves and cuts the hair of a client for business.
A bard was a Celtic poet.
Beethoven was a German composer.
Benjamin Franklin was an American statesman and scientist.
Bruce Lee was a Chinese actor and expert in Kung Fu who popularized the martial arts in the west.
Bushrangers were Australian highwaymen, formerly escaped convicts.
Captain James Cook was an English sailor and explorer.
Charles Babbage was a British mathematician.  He designed an analytical engine which was the forerunner of the modern computer.
Charles Robert Darwin was an English naturalist.  He published his theory of evolution in a book entitled The Origin of Species.
A cretin is someone who suffers from the disease cretinism.
The druids were ancient Celtic priests.  Their group still exists today in secret, despite the existence of charlatan groups claiming to be druids.
Euclid was a Greek mathematician.  His book the Elements of Geometry set down how geometry was to be taught for the next 2000 years.
Galileo was an Italian scientist.  He discovered the ring of Saturn, Jupiter's 4 major satellites and the sun's spots.
George Orwell was an English writer.  He wrote Nineteen Eighty Four and Animal Farm.
Henry Ford was the founder of the Ford motor car company and the pioneer of the cheap motor car.
Homer was an ancient Greek poet.
James Watt was a Scottish inventor.  He invented the modern steam-engine.
Johann Sebastian Bach was a German composer.
Leonardo da Vinci was an Italian artist and scientist.  He recorded scientific studies in unpublished note books.
Neil Armstrong was the first man to step onto the moon.
Orville Wright was an American pioneer of flying.  Together with his brother he made the first controlled flight of an airplane.
Plato was an ancient Greek philosopher.
Pythagoras was a Greek philosopher.
A rogue is an idle vagrant.
Sir Isaac Newton was an English scientist.  He put forward the theory that the universe is regulated by simple mathematical laws.
Socrates was a Greek philosopher.
Thomas Alva Edison was an American scientist.  He invented the carbon filament electric lamp and the phonograph.
William Shakespeare was an English dramatist and poet.
#
#	Encyclopedic information:	Weapons
#
Armor is body protection worn in battle.
An arrow is a missile projected by a bow.
A bayonet is a short sword attached to the muzzle of a firearm.
A blowpipe is a tubular weapon through which a missile is blown.
A bokken is a Japanese wooden imitation samurai sword used by kendoka when demonstrating or practicing standard kendo movements.
A bomb is a hollow shell filled with an explosive.
A boomerang is a curved wooden weapon of Australian aborigines.
A bow is a weapon for propelling arrows.
A broadsword is a sword with a broad blade designed chiefly for cutting.
Karate is a form of Japanese unarmed combat.
A katana was a Japanese sword used by Samurai.
A mercenary is a soldier hired by the army of another country or by a private army.
A sword is an offensive weapon designed for cutting and thrusting.
A torpedo is a missile which swims through water to its target.
#
#	TMBG
#
I used to be a nebbish, a noodle, a fool. Now I'm Mr. Big Time with my own private pool.
Wake me when it's over, touch my face, tell me every word has been erased.
Draw the line dividing laugh and scream.
A poor man once told me that he can't afford to speak.
Everybody dies frustrated and sad and that is beautiful.
I hope that I get old before I die.
Laugh hard, it's a long way to the bank.
I wish that I could jump out of my skin.
Which one of us is the one that we can't trust?
If it wasn't for disappointment, I wouldn't have any appointments.
What's the point in arguing when you're all alone?
I'll never see myself in the mirror with my eyes closed.
Can't shake the devil's hand and say you're only kidding.
This good luck charm hanging off of my arm was left here by the police.
The microscope reveals the scope of my very best intentions.
As I think, I'm using up the time left to think.
Someday mother will die and I'll get the money.
I don't want to change your mind.  I don't want to think about your mind.
Don't interrupt me as I struggle to complete this thought... have some respect for someone more forgetful than yourself.
Precious and few are the moments that you and your own worst enemy share.
Every man is made of two opinions.  Every woman has a second half.
I had the strangest dream... I dreamed I killed you again.
The sun is a mass of incandescent gas, a gigantic nuclear furnace.
